from Chris Melandri oh the executive
producer of Ice Age pleaselet right
for groov being a supervillain isn't
easy
we saw the Statue of Liberty this mall
one from Las Vegas he has to control
listen up please and on the of minions
Dave
we have to outsmart a ruthless archenemy
oh I hate that guy and he's about to
inherit three small problems you will
not cry or sneeze or pop or no
annoying sounds this is annoying
on July 9 you're going to steal mo
feisty girl is group by the time I'm
done with crew is gonna be begging for
mercy now we have to hold him and just
because he's a bad guy doesn't mean he's
a bad guy
all you gotta do is not know that
spaceship there Oh
somebody got a frowny face okay my corn
they speak at Despicable Me in
eye-popping 3d is the new weapon you
ordered normally I said dart gun oh yes
because I was wondering under what
circumstances would we use this Oh